Document ECN stance (#33)
ietf-wg-ccwg/draft-ietf-ccwg-bbr: draft-ietf-ccwg-bbr.md

for a large volume of Internet traffic. An open source implementation of
BBR is also available for DCCP {{RFC4340}}  {{draft-romo-iccrg-ccid5}}.

## ECN

This experimental version of BBR does not specify a specific response to

> either Classic {{RFC3168}} or L4S {{RFC9330}} style ECN. However, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classic {{RFC3168}}, Alternative Backoff with ECN (ABE) {{RFC8511}} or L4S {{RFC9330}} style ECN. However, if
```

It seems strange to describe this as if Classic or L4S were the only two possible options. Really, we have:
- Classic, PS, although updated by RFC 8311, PS
- Experimental: ABE or L4S.

> BBR negotiates either type of ECN, the congestion controller response

Reviewer 2: Strictly speaking, BBR itself would not do the ECN negotiation itself in some trnsports, and there may be future transports that do not require negotiating ECN support; they may specify it as mandatory. AFAICT the constraint is with the ECN code point. So for precision I'd suggest replacing "BBR negotiates either type of ECN" with "the transport connection claims ECN support by marking  packets using either the ECT(0) or ECT(1) code point".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the transport connection claims ECN support by marking packets using either the ECT(0) or ECT(1) code point, the congestion controller response
```
